remove indication of enabling RuntimeClass feature gate since it is a GA feature (#25900)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/containers/runtime-class.md

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.16" state="beta" >}}

If the nodes in your cluster support different sets of features, you can set the `scheduling`
field for a RuntimeClass, then use that hint to ensure that pods running with that particular

> RuntimeClass are scheduled to nodes that support it.

Reviewer: This paragraph now needs some tweaks for clarification. For example, what does "sets of features" mean? How many feature can we cover using the `scheduling` field and/or RuntimeClass? What does "set the `scheduling` field for a RuntimeClass" mean?

Author: This paragraph is based on sftim's suggestion. @sftim Any idea?

Reviewer 2: IMO this is good enough (but with room to improve further). If / when this PR merges, we can try to rally help from SIG Scheduling, or indeed from anyone interested, to improve the documentation further.

@tengqm please feel free to suggest alternative wording. If we can't easily think up an alternative then to me that's evidence that it's better to merge the thing as-is, provided it is not making the page obviously worse.

Reviewer: Well ... my current understanding is base on the API spec for the `Scheduling` definition. The RuntimeClass was mainly devised for different container runtimes, however, the design was generalized to handle many scenarios. Let me try put it here for language tweaks. 

> By specifying the `scheduling` field for a RuntimeClass, you can set constraints to
> ensure that Pods running with this RuntimeClass are scheduled to nodes that support it. 
> If `scheduling` is not set, this RuntimeClass is assumed to be supported by all nodes.

I'll take back my comments about the "scheduling on runtimeClass" part because that is already explained in the paragraphs below.

> As of Kubernetes v1.16, RuntimeClass includes support for heterogenous clusters through its
> `scheduling` fields. Through the use of these fields, you can ensure that pods running with this

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the nodes in your cluster support different sets of features, you can set the `scheduling`
field for a RuntimeClass, then use that hint to ensure that pods running with that particular
```
(because we don't document any version older than v1.16)

> RuntimeClass are scheduled to nodes that support it.

Author: No. It cannot be disabled.
> A General Availability (GA) feature is also referred to as a stable feature. It means:
> 
> * The feature is always enabled; you cannot disable it.
> * The corresponding feature gate is no longer needed.
> * Stable versions of features will appear in released software for many subsequent versions.

https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/#feature-stages

You can specify _overhead_ resources that are associated with running a Pod. Declaring overhead allows
the cluster (including the scheduler) to account for it when making decisions about Pods and resources.  

> To use Pod overhead, you must have the PodOverhead [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)

Reviewer: PodOverhead is still beta, right?

Author: Oh, right. I will restore this sentence.
